In what year did the Battle of Hastings take place? 
Which woman discovered radium and polonium? 
Where was the first British colony in the Americas? 
When did the Berlin Wall fall? 
Who was the first explorer to sail around the world?
Herzegovina was part of what former European country? 
Who was President during the Bay of Pigs Invasion? 
What Roman General married Cleopatra? 
Richard I was known by what other name? 
Who was the last monarch of the Soviet Union? 
Which Roman Emperor was famously known as ‘Little Boots’? 
Major Thomas Harry Gem invented what sport in 1859? 
Which Englishman translated the bible? 
Ishtar is a deity of which people? 
Who was the first Christian Roman Emperor? 
What was Madonna's first top 10 hit? 
What was Elvis Presley's first No. 1 hit in the United States? 
Which classical composer was deaf? 
Which astronomer is name-dropped in Bohemian Rhapsody? 
Cardi B starred on what reality show? 
Who founded Motown Records? 
Paul McCartney credits which artist with teaching him everything he knows? 
The Weeknd samples which '80s megahit in Blinding Lights? 
What one-hit wonder act is behind Barbie Girl? 
Taylor Swift named her debut country single after which singer? 
Which member of the Avengers had a brief stint as a pop star? 
Which Marvel movie's soundtrack won two Grammys? 
Lizzo plays what instrument? 
Which artist recorded two of their bestselling albums while they were behind bars? 
Which member of The Runaways competed on Jeopardy!? 
What does the acronym LAN stand for? 
Name the simple text editor associated with Microsoft Windows? 
Which common acronym stands for Hypertext Preprocessor? 
What name is given to any malware which misleads users of its true intent? 
What is the name given to unsolicited e-mail messages? 
What name is given to the maximum rate of data transfer across a given path? 
What word means to switch a computer off and on again? 
What was the name of the computer used in Bletchley Park? 
What does the computer acronym JPG stand for? 
What does Wi-Fi stand for? 
Who released their first antivirus product called VirusScan in 1987? 
The name of which early computer web browser may also be used to describe a certain type of art? 
What does the 'S' stand for in the programming language BASIC? 
How many people on Earth regularly use the internet? 
What does USB stand for? 